You said Paige's stuff
was gone.
- Help!
- E-Easy, now.
Help!
Oh. Oh, God.
What have you done?
When you hired us,
you failed to mention
that there are $15 million
at stake.
Who are all these other people
looking for them?
What do you know
about Luke?
I know he's in trouble.
And I'm guessing that
you're part of that.
You two kill Luke,
and then we'll go have
a look-see for Paige.
Killing Luke was never
part of the agreement.
You look terrified.
There are some bad people
on this trip.
Hey, baby.
Miss me?
Paige.
You're okay.
No thanks to you.
What are you
talking about?
You left me.
That's not
how I remember it.
I left to get help.
Yeah, well,
they found us.
All right, Mr. Jimmy sent
some freaks to the camp.
He knows where we are
and he wants the money back.
- Where's the journal?
- I-I thought you had it.
You took it with you.
If I had it,
would I be here?
Look, Paige,
i-it doesn't matter, all right?
The money's
not important anymore.
Let's go
before it's too late.
She ain't going nowhere
with you.
- Who the hell are you?
- Me?
I'm the guy who saved her.
Paige, Paige, seriously,
let's get the hell out of here.
It's true.
He saved me.
From you.
You were gonna bash
her brains in with that rock.
Yeah, that's right. I saw you.
I should have killed you
when I had the chance.
Now, where's her journal?
Okay, just-- just listen
to me for a sec, okay?
Are you just
gonna stand there?
Oh, I'm just giving him
a head start.
More sporting that way.
I'll be back in two shakes
of a lamb's tail.
Emily was the one that found
Mary's body off a trail.
Did anybody search the area
where the body was found?
Well, after Buck
brought Mary's body back,
he and Avery went back up
to take a look around.
Daddy?!
Hey. Come here.
I got you. I got you.
You okay? Hmm?
What happened?
I followed Luke into the woods
and I got lost.
And then I saw her.
She was bleeding.
I don't know.
She had Paige's bag.
I just thought
that she was hurt,
but then I saw her eyes.
Okay. Baby.
I got you.
Tell me about Luke and Paige.
Well, they were guests.
Uh, Paige left early.
She went home.
And then there was a little
something-something going on
between Luke and Mary
after that.
Luke said that he was leaving.
He was really scared
about something.
Emily's right.
We can't find Luke.
Excuse us. Come here.
We're gonna need to gather
everybody and get statements.
Okay. We'll let the staff know.
Thank you.
You're okay.
Em.
Hey. We're so glad you're here.
Avery, Sunny said
that you went out looking
after the body was found.
What for?
Yeah, uh, Buck wanted
to find Luke, so...
You think Luke
could have done this?
I don't know. I don't know.
There's--
There's a lot to process.
Rangers are setting up
a roadblock
while we lock down
the crime scene.
What the...
What are you two doing here?
Same thing
as everybody else.
Vacation, outdoor vibes.
Now ruined.
- Really?
- I know, right?
I mean, it's just our luck.
All we wanted to do was shut off
for a couple of days,
and now this-- a murder.
God, it's awful.
I'll be writing a review.
0.0 stars.
Where was Buck
when you found Mary?
I actually don't know.
He must have heard me scream.
Before I knew it,
he was just there.
Okay.
Do you think Luke
could have killed her?
No.
Is that a feeling you have,
or is there something else?
It's just a feeling, I guess.
Okay. That's enough questions.
I know you're just
doing your job.
Come on, Em.
Let's get you some water.
- Avery.
- Mm-hmm.
You need to tell me
what the hell's going on here
and why you let my
daughter wander off
into those woods alone.
We had no idea.
All right?
She didn't tell Carla, either.
Can you give us a sec?
Tonya and Donno are here.
What?
Yeah. They obviously had
something to do with this.
Did they confess?
If they didn't confess,
we got to treat them
like everybody else--
possible suspects.
You shouldn't have brought
Mary's body back here.
What were you thinking?
I had to do a little improvising
after Emily found her.
Trust me, it's a good thing.
How is that a good thing?
Mary's DNA might still be on me
or mine on her.
If that's the case,
we have an explanation for it.
Smart.
I didn't think about that.
Well, I really
didn't have a choice.
I can't stop thinking
about that girl.
No, don't do that.
She did nothing wrong, Buck.
Don't go there.
It's done.
I know it. I know it.
We're in a lot of trouble
here, Buck.
Listen.
Luke's still out there,
all right?
We're gonna use him.
He killed Paige and then
he killed Mary to cover it up.
It'll make sense to the cops.
Cops like sense.
Thank you.
All right, uh, do we have
a timeline on Mary?
Uh, went for a jog alone
around 3:00 p.m.
No one saw her
come back to camp.
Apparently, Luke and Mary
were actually hooking up.
Yeah. Emily said
the same thing.
After Paige supposedly split.
Except Paige didn't go home,
not if this is her bag.
And now Luke is missing.
He and Cormac Barnes
are the only ones not in camp.
Okay, let's collect
statements from everybody.
Let's see if their stories
match up.
Right.
Luke and Paige were going
through a rough patch,
bickering like
young couples do.
Yeah, well, I'd say it was
a little more than that.
I had a bad feeling
about those two from day one.
Luke especially.
He had what your generation
would call toxic masculinity.
He was full to the gills
with it.
Mary thought Paige
was a bitch.
And she felt sorry for Luke.
That's why they hooked up.
And, plus, he was cute.
Lots of dead things
up here.
It's the woods.
Dead things.
I thought Luke and Mary
were together.
I never met Paige.
I'm told she was a pill.
Mary seemed nice, though.
Mary taught me some yoga poses
for my bad back.
I liked her.
Mary was such a sweet girl.
I feel like we failed her.
I hope you catch the bastard
who did this.
You better catch him
before I do.
I can't imagine anybody wanting
to kill that poor girl.
I don't know.
Luke seemed nervous to me, stressed.
Luke warned me about
dangerous people being here.
And then he just disappeared
into the woods.
Uh (chuckles) well,
Luke didn't want to be here.
Paige dragged him up here
for his birthday.
There is one thing
that might be a factor.
Luke told me that he and Paige
had $15 million in crypto.
When he told me,
I thought it was a joke,
but, um...
now I'm not so sure.
Guess Luke left
in a hurry.
Deputies already searched this,
you know.
Let's look again.
What Avery said about
the $15 million changes things.
Okay, well, I wouldn't
trust Avery, all right?
He's full of crap.
I don't think he was lying.
That son of a bitch charmed you,
didn't he?
It was the accent, wasn't it?
Uh-huh. Yeah.
You know, an hour ago,
you were dead set
on Tonya and Donno
being the killers.
The money is something
we need to look into.
Found something.
Luke had Paige's phone.
Wait.
Emily said that Sunny
was receiving texts from Paige.
I guess we know
who was sending them.
Okay, so Luke kills Paige
in a lovers' quarrel
in the woods, right?
Hides the body, buries the bag.
And then Mary finds the bag,
so he kills her
to keep his secret?
Strange he would run away
and leave this evidence behind.
Yeah, something is just not
making sense about this.
So being an errand boy
has its perks.
Is it the bourbon ♪
I'm a perk?
That didn't come out right.
Mm-hmm.
How about we just dance?
Dance?
Yeah. Why the hell not?
Well, you asked me out
for a drink, not a dance.
And it's been a long day,
so I'm gonna take a rain check.
- I'm gonna hold you to that.
- Okay.
Under this big sky ♪
♪ Maybe I could
forget all that ♪
So, uh, I've been meaning
to ask you,
did you ever find out
who my dad sold that truck to,
the-- the one that burned?
You know about that?
I might've overheard you
talking about it.
Um, no.
I got nothing.
I don't think your dad's
being completely honest.
Sorry. That's just the truth.
You think he has something to do
with the dead backpacker?
No, I don't.
It's just one of those weird
things I can't seem to square.
You mean my dad
once owning a truck
who you saw
some weird mountain dude
maybe transporting
a dead body in?
That's what you can't square?
Well, when you put it
like that...
How else am I
supposed to put it?
I mean, the camp does own
a lot of trucks,
and old ones--
too many to count.
Well, what do you think
about it?
I know I shouldn't stay ♪
I think I should probably
head back to camp.
And I think I'm gonna collect
on that rain check.
Yeah, you should collect.
You better bring
your best dancing boots.
Oh, just you wait.
Okay.
Change my mind ♪
Change ♪
Oh, boy.
Check that way.
Is someone there?
It's Hoyt.
We got a body down
by the Chimney Rocks.
It's Luke.
What the hell?
Okay. Yeah.
I'll let you know
when I track him down.
- Jenny?
- Yeah.
She and Beau are
up at Sunny Barnes' camp.
Two of their guests
were murdered.
Holy crap!
Well, who does Jenny
have you looking for?
Cormac Barnes.
But I was with him last night--
at the Boot Heel.
Don't.
Well, does he know
what happened?
I don't know.
He told me he was
going back up to camp.
Jenny says he never showed.
- Weird.
- Yeah.
All right.
Hmm.
Hey, get this.
Luke and Paige registered for
this trip under fake last names.
Paige told Sunny
she had a trust fund,
but in reality,
she was a data-entry clerk.
So was Luke.
They both quit their jobs
days before this trip.
Okay.
So this wasn't necessarily
a vacation, per se.
Maybe they were hiding out.
But the $15 million
Avery mentioned?
I'm thinking they stole it.
Could explain why Tonya
and Donno are here.
- Maybe they're working a job.
- I'm glad you said it.
I was beginning to think
Donno was bribing you
with his sandwich craft.
Okay, you know what?
Let's not go there.
'Cause bad guys
can have good points.
Donno's just happens to be
sandwich skills.
Oh! Donno's making sandwiches?
I wish. But no. What do you got?
Uh, yeah, so there's
a missing bow and quiver
from the equipment shed.
Arrows match the murder weapon.
Who had access to that shed?
Everyone.
They didn't keep it locked.
Okay, so question is,
who had the opportunity
to kill both Luke and Mary?
We know that Cormac and--
and Donno were both missing
the night of the supermoon hike.
Avery and Buck
also could have done it
when they were out in the woods
looking for Luke.
Everyone else is accounted for
at the time of Luke's murder.
Now we just got to
figure out motives.
Huh.
Who's this?
Hey.
Hi. I tried calling.
And I went to your place
in town.
Oh, sorry.
My phone must be dead.
I thought you were
going back up to camp.
What are you doing
at your parents'?
Yeah, I just had to stop by
for something.
- What's going on?
- Can we talk inside?
Yeah. Come in.
So why are you and Tonya
really here?
Like we said, vacation.
Does that include
killing Mary and Luke?
You got me.
Not.
Why didn't you go on that hike?
No group hikes for me.
Alone, in nature.
Trees are my friends.
So that would explain how you
got the mud on your shoes.
Yes.
Well, I wanted to go on
the hike, but Donno didn't.
He's got a lot of rules.
It's kind of odd, isn't it?
You being up here
with your cook?
I mean, the man's interesting.
He's not who you think he is.
No, I don't imagine he is.
The man contains multitudes.
Strong agree.
But hiking isn't one of them.
What about the marriage?
I understand you're up here
pretending to be married.
You get freebies if you say
it's your anniversary.
You know, bottle of champagne,
chocolate-covered strawberries.
So it's just a total coincidence
that you and Donno
were on this trip at this time.
Yeah.
I mean, if we committed a crime,
it's that we lied
about being in love.
Good one.
I'm serious.
I named a sandwich after Tonya.
Grilled with only
the good vegetables,
none of the bad ones.
I'm not buying it.
I think you're here looking for
a lot more than free champagne.
Speaking of marriages,
I met your ex, Carla.
She's a boss.
Really impressive.
I don't know why you left her.
Was actually
the other way around.
But we're not gonna
get into that.
Why don't you tell me
about Paige?
Paige was already gone
when we arrived.
That doesn't mean anything.
You could have killed her
and then showed up at
the camp to get Luke.
Why would we do that?
Oh, I don't know. The money?
You found out
about the $15 million,
so you decided to kill them both
so you could take it.
Or you were hired to.
You have a fertile imagination
for a cop,
but that doesn't explain Mary.
Try this on for size.
Mary found you
burying Paige's bag,
so you had to get rid of her.
That does explain Mary.
But like I said...
vacation, trees, fun, no murder.
The person you really
should be looking at is Avery.
Oh, yeah? Why's that?
Well, his archery skills,
for one.
Avery's quite the marksman.
Avery? Really?
Deadly.
He surprised everybody.
Well, just 'cause
he can shoot an arrow
don't mean he killed Luke.
Well, I'm guessing
that he's the one
that told you
about the $15 million.
How'd you know that?
Avery was talking to Luke,
like, a lot.
I'm just putting it out there.
You can ask your daughter
if you don't believe me.
But something was going on
with those two.
Copy that. I got it.
Avery.
Hey.
- What are you doing?
- Nothing.
Um, hey, Em,
when you found Paige's bag,
did you have a look
through it?
No. Why?
What is this about?
No, I'm just wondering
if there's a-a clue in there
about the crypto
Luke and Paige had.
- Crypto?
- Mm.
What are you talking about?
Oh, just something Luke said.
It's probably nothing.
- Let's just leave the clues
to my dad.
- Absolutely.
Wait.
Mary and Luke
are both dead?
Yeah.
Your parents haven't told you?
No.
No, they haven't.
I-I need to ask,
have you been here all night?
Yeah.
Yeah? Well, you told me
you were going to the camp.
So is there something
you want to tell me?
I was looking for the bill
of sale for my dad's truck.
I was trying
to do my parents a favor
and help you out,
of course.
Well, did you find it?
No, just the title.
So he never sold it.
Nope.
I just can't figure out
why they'd...
lie to me
about something like that.
You grow up thinking
you know your parents,
but you forget they had whole
lives before you were even born.
What do you mean?
Did you find
something else?
Nothing.
Nothing?
We should head up
to the campsite.
What's up?
Hey.
So, as you requested,
I did some research
on Avery and Carla.
Sent it to your phones.
Pretty interesting.
Are we really doing this?
No stone unturned.
Stalking--
that's a good look.
Wrong. Investigating
a possible suspect
that happens to be
my wife's new husband.
- Mm-hmm.
- Also happens to be very good
with a bow and arrow.
Yeah.
Wow!
This changes things.
Yeah, it does.
All right, I'll take Avery,
you take Carla.
Keep it professional,
all right?
Maybe don't mention this thing
between me and Avery.
I'm pretty sure
she's aware of it.
Just professional.
Stick to the facts.
She's a lawyer.
She'll use your words
against you, trust me.
- I think I can handle myself.
- Well...
Let's see if she knows
about Avery's little secret.
- Good work.
- Yeah.
"Carla de Lugo, Criminal
Defense Attorney of the Year"
in Houston
for three years running.
- Did Beau tell you that?
- No, he hasn't.
He hasn't said a word
about you.
Or Texas
or anything personal.
Oh, well,
I'm not surprised.
Beau had some issues
with people I defended at times,
and then
he pretty much imploded,
and so did
our marriage, so...
I'm sorry.
That was off topic.
No, go on, please.
He never mentioned
the Hatcher shootout
or the bike gang,
his partner?
Not a thing.
We just keep things professional.
I'm sure you do.
Uh, I just need to know
where you were
from 6:00 p.m. last night
to this morning.
Uh, after dinner,
uh, Carla and I,
um, we had some
alone time in the tent.
- We can move past that.
- Right, yes.
Anyway, after that,
Carla went to look for Emily,
and, uh, I got dressed,
did some work.
And, uh, then we met up
for the supermoon hike.
So you didn't
see Luke at all.
No.
No, I didn't.
Just, you seem to know a lot
about Luke, the money.
Well, we chatted.
He felt comfortable
opening up to me.
About $15 million,
he just opened up?
Well, I thought
he was joking.
Like I said,
now I'm not so sure.
What else can you tell me
about that?
Maybe it was just
too much of a secret
and he needed to share it
with someone and...
he picked me.
Hm.
So then he lost
his partner, Randy,
when the whole operation
went sideways,
and he just
blamed himself.
Just checked out
of everything.
Some very dark days.
I'm sorry to hear that.
He's a good man.
Yes.
Yes, he is.
Anyway,
it all worked out.
He seems to be thriving
as the sheriff here,
and I am happily married
to Avery.
That's great.
Okay, so why don't you ask me
what you really want to ask me?
This isn't about Beau,
is it?
No, it's Avery, actually.
I'm sure he's under
a lot of stress
with what's been going on
with his company.
What are you
talking about?
You know, I've been
meaning to ask, um,
how your company, Haypoint,
is doing.
Oh. Yes, we're doing
rather well, thanks.
I ask because I know
the SEC is initiating
a fraud investigation
for misleading investors.
Right, yes. I'm not at liberty
to discuss that, I'm afraid,
so...
Yeah.
You know, I think I've told you
everything I know about Luke,
so if there's
nothing else, uh...
It's just that the $15 million
that Luke mentioned,
that's, uh-- could be
pretty tempting
to somebody in a financial
situation, you know?
Am I a suspect?
We're looking at
all possible motives.
I see what you're doing.
And I'm done.
And I want a lawyer.
Well, we both know a good one,
don't we?
Yeah, looks like something.
Working on it now.
We're just gonna
have to find a way.
All right.
There you are.
Nice of you to call.
Heard all about everything
from Cassie.
Well, sorry, but it's been
a little crazy up here.
Yeah.
Pharmacist was
a little confused.
Said you, uh, refilled
your prescription
right before this trip.
He did.
But your father spilled
some of them down the drain.
You know
how clumsy he is.
You got something to say,
son, say it.
- Yeah.
- We got bigger fish to fry.
Well, I had a look
in the attic.
Whatever for?
That old burned-out
truck Dad said he sold.
I found the title for it.
Huh.
You sure it was
the same truck?
I definitely sold it.
That Cassie's got you
all worked up, hasn't she?
Nope.
No, she hasn't.
But this has.
Aww!
That's your cousin Bryan.
Your Aunt Sally's boy
who lives down in Florida now.
Uh-huh.
He's the one that taught you how
to throw a football, remember?
This is what has you
all worked up?
There was a hospital
bracelet also.
Oh, good Lord.
Son, you need
to let this go.
I mean, we got real problems
up here.
And this has nothing
to do with that.
So you won't mind if I share
any of this information
with Cassie, then?
Well...
You need to steer clear
of that gal.
We got a business we're trying
to pull out of the fire.
Let's focus on that
and not all the junk
that you're pulling
out of the attic.
And I'd appreciate it
if you'd just stop lying to me.
We can't do this
to him anymore.
You want me
to tell him about Walter
in the middle
of all this?
Luke is dead.
That changes things.
We got to tell him everything.
We got to circle the wagons, Sunny.
Why would we want
to tell him that now?
Because maybe your boy Walter
killed Luke and Paige
and the backpacker
and God knows
whatever else he's up to.
Don't you say that.
Don't you dare.
Well, that's the truth.
You don't know
any of that.
It's my story,
and I'm going with it.
Damn near tells itself.
A little early for happy hour,
isn't it?
You want one?
Thanks, but I'm working.
Never stopped you before.
I'm sorry.
That wasn't fair.
That's fine.
How's Emily doing?
Fine, I guess,
just all things considered.
She's tough, you know,
like you.
Kind of describes you,
doesn't it?
Touché.
You know, being up here
reminds me of the time
we went camping at Copper Breaks
when Em was just a baby.
Oh, yes.
Good times.
Between the raccoons
and the tornado warning.
Oh, those raccoons,
they scratched the hell
out of my truck.
Yeah, they did.
And then we spent all night
passing Em back and forth
-'cause of her teething.
- Mm.
That was a good time.
Yeah.
It was.
- Hey.
- Poppernak download you?
- Yeah.
Someone in the camp,
you think?
Well, we're still
piecing it together.
But right now, we're still
considering everyone a suspect.
I can help you
remove one name.
Cormac was with me
at the Boot Heel last night.
Then he went
to his parents' place.
Security camera shows
he never left.
I do need you to take a closer
look at Buck Barnes, though.
What'd you find out?
Turns out he never sold
the truck that burned up.
I think
he's hiding something.
We got to get that journal
and get the hell out of here.
I hate to admit it,
but you're right.
They ask you
about our marriage?
Yeah. I had to admit
we lied about being in love.
Is that what you said?
Uh, yeah.
Yeah, we're not in love.
Okay, quick.
It's now or never.
Mr. Donno.
Ms. Tonya.
Hey.
How can we help you?
Well, you know what?
Since you guys showed up,
nothing's been right
around here.
Is that an
observation or an accusation?
Well, Sheriff Beau said that you
two lied about being married.
I don't like liars.
Well, I think you've got
a little bit more to worry about
than our little white lies.
Murder.
Two murders.
You know, lying's just
a stone's throw away
from all sorts of sins.
I got my eye on you.
What was that?
I don't know.
I think they call it
cowboy mouth.
She also may be a witch.
Let's go.
You were unaccounted for
when both Mary and Luke
were killed, Buck.
Well, I mean,
like I told you,
I was doing a safety check
for the night hike.
Judging by the plaque
in the equipment shed,
you're a skilled archer.
I am.
So are a lot of people here.
By moving Mary's body,
you tampered with a crime scene.
Well, I mean, I couldn't
leave the poor girl
out there for the bears.
Or maybe you did it
on purpose.
What?
No. No.
For you to suggest that
I would intentionally hurt
one of our campers, that's--
When I saw that girl, I treated
her same as my own child.
So forgive me for not having
the presence of mind
to follow police protocol.
We're just doing
our job, Buck.
No, I understand.
I understand.
You guys have
any more questions?
Actually...
Have you seen this man?
Yeah.
I've seen him.
I've seen him
out in the woods.
Well, we believe
he may be linked
to the Bleeding Heart Murder
from 20 years ago
and the backpacker
who died recently.
Holy hell.
Really?
Yeah.
Do you know
where we could find him?
No.
No, I, uh-- I've only seen him
a couple times.
And not in the same place.
Do you have any idea
who he could be?
No, ma'am, I don't.
Whew!
Wish I could help.
Hey.
What's with
the silent treatment?
You want me to talk?
Fine.
I cannot believe
that you didn't tell me
the SEC
is investigating you.
- Oh.
- I had to learn about that
from the police.
That is Beau.
That is Beau, and he is
trying to sabotage--
Is it true?
Yes or no?
- Yes, yes.
- Avery.
I'm sorry.
I should have told you.
But I thought it would
all be cleared up,
and it will be, all right?
I made a mistake.
I should have told you.
Mm-hmm.
But the problems
with my company
have nothing to do
with what is going on here.
When we get back
into town,
Emily and I
are gonna get a hotel.
- Oh, for God's sake--
- I need some time.
I need to think about things.
I need a little space.
Carla, please.
Fine.
I'll stay in a hotel,
and you can stay in the house.
Then we can talk
when you're ready.
♪ Maybe the sun's light
will be dim ♪
And it won't matter anyhow ♪
♪ If morning's echo
says we've sinned ♪
Road's closed.
You need to turn around.
Aw. I was hoping
to do some fishing.
Not here.
Is something going on
up there?
I'm not at liberty to say.
"Liberty."
Interesting choice
of words.
Liber-- the god
of coming-of-age stories.
Is that what you're doing
right now, Ranger?
Coming of age?
Gonna need you to turn
your vehicle around.
Not gonna ask again.
Mm.
There it is.
From a boy to a man.
And so it goes.
Listen, don't make me
contact my--
Baby ♪
Throw the body
in the back.
Angel of the morning ♪
Angel ♪
So you think
the mystery mountain man
is the
Bleeding Heart Killer,
that he killed Paige, Luke,
Mary, and Mark Woodman?
Possibly, yeah.
Emily mentioned
that Luke saw a light
the night
that Paige went missing.
- It could have been him.
- Any idea where it was?
- No, she didn't know.
- Cormac might.
He knows these woods.
So where exactly?
Right around here.
The area that you're
talking about
isn't on any of
the trail maps at the camp.
That's 'cause my mom didn't want
any of the guests
to go up there.
Probably 'cause
my dad told her
he saw your man in the woods
around those parts.
Best to keep the campers
away from outsiders.
Okay.
Let's go.
You heard him.
Let's move.
All right, everybody.
Let's go.
Luke said the seed phrase words
were highlighted on two pages.
Damn it.
How much longer do you think
we should wait?
I used to go duck hunting
with my grandpa.
Dark, cold.
The wait...
So this guy here--
hard or soft?
It don't matter.
Pearlina will sort him out.
Walter.
Walter, are you in there?
The sheriff's department
is coming for you.
Please, if you're in there, run!
Okay, you need to hang back,
keep out of sight.
Please be safe.
I will.
What do we do?
Nothing to do.
No.
We can't give up.
There has to be a way.
You have nothing
to be afraid of.
You've done nothing wrong.
That's not true, Walter.
If they take me,
I'll be dead by morning.
Trust me.
All right, what do we think
we're walking into here?
I don't know.
He's been up here for a while.
Paige could be in there.
Let's go.
Listen to me.
No matter what happens, okay,
I need you to know,
you'll always be my prince.
Come with me.
It doesn't go far,
just to the edge of the woods,
and then
you'll have to run.
You go ahead.
I'll stall them.
No, you're coming with me.
If they find this cabin empty,
they will keep looking for us.
Walter, I-- My leg.
I can't outrun anyone.
I told you,
I'll always protect you.
Sheriff's department!
Come out with your hands up!
Hey.
I love you.
Now go.
Anybody in there,
come on outside.
Sheriff's department.
- Hands where we can see them.
- Now.
Hello, friends.
Down the steps.
Slowly.
On your knees.
Nice to see you again.
Take him away.
So what do we think?
I don't know.
It just felt too easy.
I'm good with easy.
Take the W's
when we can get them.
I agree with Cassie.
Something's not right.
Captioned by VITA--